Need to add additional info regarding SDN mananager (#6397)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbServer/manage/topology/disable-tls-1.0-1.1.md

On-Premises Call Quality Dashboard currently has a dependency on TLS 1.0 during new install (first time installing into your On-Premises environments).  We are currently investigating this issue and plan to release a fix in the near future.  If you are planning to install CQD and also disable TLS 1.0, we recommend that you complete CQD installation first, and then proceed with TLS 1.0 disabling.

#### Skype for Business SDN Manager

> Skype for Business SDN Manager using SQL a database has a dependency on TLS 1.0 during new install. If you are planning to install Skype for Business SDN Manager using SQL a database and also disable TLS 1.0, we recommend that you complete Skype for Business SDN Manager first, and then proceed with TLS 1.0 disabling. In case TLS 1.0 was disabled prior to installation, you should temporarily enabled TLS 1.0 back in SQL Server backend server that will be used to host Skype for Business SDN Manager SQL database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skype for Business SDN Manager using an SQL Server database has a dependency on TLS 1.0 during a new install. If you are planning to install Skype for Business SDN Manager using an SQL Server database and also to disable TLS 1.0, we recommend that you complete Skype for Business SDN Manager installation first, and then proceed with TLS 1.0 disabling. In case TLS 1.0 was disabled prior to installation, you should temporarily enable TLS 1.0 back into the SQL Server backend server that will be used to host Skype for Business SDN Manager SQL database.
```
